it rained and rained for about two weeks
straight gonna hold mess up bring some
more again after we got the best of a
little bit payment which isn't a good
thing but I think that it's dry enough
refer it just like trash is everything
I'd happy yard sale out from yesterday
report down bored and covered now with
tarps but I don't know so here's the
best so far and you've got a few coats
this is supposed to be an antique gold
on the top I actually think tough looks
pretty good there ceramic additive in
there to help reflect the heat and also
keep the heat out people warmth in type
of thing and I think the darker color is
actually good on the top it's not really
gold I don't know where they got that
from but because the ceramic makes it
kind of grippy so I know it's going to
collect a lot of dirt so I rather that
darker color the bottom here is barely
first coated with a chestnut brown no we
did not prime the bus we primed certain
rusty spots but kind of like at the
point where we just need to get this
going we did sand it though so it's a
metallic chestnut brown on the bottom
I'll be doing there's an antique gold on
the top and then we're going to do just
a couple
metallic emerald green stripes here and
there for some pop so fun little project
inside we've been moving stuff in need
to get it all put away there's William
who's sick of the rain and cold so
what's going on bit nothing rain rain
rain rain rain rain rain rain rain rain
rain how's the rain holding up ah screw
me up I'm holding that snow okay well we
got up in progress I'm putting clothes
away okay there you go that works okay
all of them got my whole that whole bin
is empty this H is keep you secure yes
okay other that's not secure I have to
secure Buddha he needs a seat belt oh I
knew I couldn't see anything about the
bus was black hey here we go Dave 520 of
painting the bus 520 out here three
hours see now in the video it looks like
the bottom needs another coat but but I
don't know if it's just the way the
sun's hitting it and the reflection and
so the top is antique old oh wow this is
like the tell-all yeah you got to hit
the front again look at it
sweetheart you've got Sun reflecting off
doesn't matter get looks yellow yeah
sweetheart that's because Sun reflecting
off of this so doesn't that hit that too
ooh green stripe pretty how about
happened I don't even understand it down
the whole thing I knew we should have
done the green stuff first but you were
too antsy to get everything else done
what you learned for the next bus I'm
not gonna do another bus it's nice
it's okay we're going to fix it
the both fast brown gold which really
looks olive and green Billy was out here
at 1am still working last night it's
been constant on this bus for wet how
long what monday since March so it's
working hard wrapping off now you're
gonna have fingerprints all over it that
looks nice you know tripping that thing
I like the green this is the best spot
right here this one oh yeah looks good
babe
we'll use the I'll go get the mineral
spirits yeah I was going to do that in
two rolls of paper gonna be pulling
pulling her out tomorrow for inspection
we're supposed to go today in an hour
but I got a call and cancel that
appointment because there's no way in
hell and yeah so sit this side does not
have the green yet sun's reflecting it
is metallic paints that links it would
kind of Galilee that's pretty sweet so
baby tell the world what do you think
about this process what do you think
about the whole like doing the buzz sit
and all that at bus what is it
he really does have no TV personality
nothing all right I am off to go to
lowes and get more tape and stuff it
looks good all right yeah oh well wish
me luck